# ALL-DISCORD-TOOL
Features  - Selft Bot - Turn your discord account into a self bot.  - RAT Tool - Create a RAT file. Once the victim runs it, you can control his PC through a BOT Discord.  - Raid Tool - Allows to raid a discord server with several accounts (requires an account generator).  - Server Nuker - Easily nuke a discord server with a BOT Discord.  - VideoCrash Maker - Convert a video into an identical video that makes Crash discord app when played.  - File Grabber - Create a TokenGrabber.py file to get a user's token and allows you to convert it to an Exe.  - IP Grabber - Allows you to retrieve the IP of any person who is on a call with you.  - Token Qr Generator - Generate a "Fake Nitro QR Code". If a user scans it, you get his token.  - Account Nuker - Quit the servers, Delete friends, Create serveurs, change the settings of a user with his Token.  - Account Disabler - Allows you to disable any discord account with the token of this one.  - Account Generator - Create a discord account valid every 1min30 and give you the associated token.  - Settings Cycler - Cycle the color of the Discord theme (Black/White) of a user with his Token.  - Token Informations - Get all the information of a Discord User with his Token.  - AutoLogin - Enter a user's token and automatically log in to the user's account.  - Tokens Checker - Allows you to check the validity of a list of tokens quickly.  - Clear DM - Delete all your messages sent to a person in dm automatically.  - HypeSquad House Changer - Select your HypeSquad House.  - Statue Changer - Change your Discord Statue.  - Mass DM - Allows to DM all friends of the person by sending them the same message.  - Group SPammer - Allows you to spam the group creation and add users to it.  - Nitro Generator - Generates and tests a Nitro code. If it works, you will be notified.  - WebHooks Spammer - Spam the message you want through a WebHooks.  - WebHooks Remover - Delete any WebHooks link.
